Correcting OpenShift GitOps version and ArgoCD Server version (#188)
openshift-pipelines/pipeline-service: DEPENDENCIES.md

| kcp                           | release-0.6                                                                                                                           | Platform - acts as a control plane for Pipeline Service                      | Upgrades follow kcp-stable releases                                                                                                                                       |
| kind                          | 0.14.0                                                                                                                                | For local development only                                                   | Spawns a Kubernetes-in-Docker clusters. No requirement to use a particular version. Users can install the latest version available at the time                            |

> | OpenShift GitOps              | 1.6.0                                                                                                                                 | Prerequisite for managing the installation and lifecycle of components       | OpenShift GitOps uses ArgoCD (2.4.5) at the backend                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| OpenShift GitOps              | 1.6.0                                                                                                                                 | Prerequisite for managing the installation and lifecycle of components       | OpenShift GitOps uses Argo CD (2.4.5) at the backend                                                                                                                       |
```

> | OpenShift GitOps              | 1.6.0                                                                                                                                 | Prerequisite for managing the installation and lifecycle of components       | OpenShift GitOps uses Argo CD (2.4.5) at the backend                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer 2: OCP and OKD have a different phrasing:
- "Red Hat OpenShift GitOps uses Argo CD to maintain cluster resources." 
- "OpenShift GitOps is an Operator that uses Argo CD as the declarative GitOps engine. "

I prefer the later one. What do you think of rephrasing to the following?
"OpenShift GitOps uses Argo CD (2.4.5) as the declarative GitOps engine"

Author: Done.
